hi I'm Chris Hazleton welcoming you to
this week's edition of the SS Park News
weekend report with the high park fire
making news nationally and
internationally it's important for
everyone to know that Estes Park is not
being affected by this huge wildfire
blue skies with an occasional slight
haze are all that we are experiencing
from the fire burning west of Fort
Collins our hearts go out to all those
affected by the fire and tragically
Linda Stedman whose son and family live
in Estes Park lost her life in the fire
an account has been set up to help the
Stedman family in their time of need
funds may be sent in care of First
National Bank of Estes Park p.o.box 2390
estes park colorado 805 17 or you may
drop off donations to First National
Bank of estes park at 50 1008 rain or at
their downtown location at park lane and
mcgregor avenue also mark your calendars
for a benefit cookout and silent auction
to be held on friday july six at NAPA
Auto Parts and a bake sale and car wash
at B&B Food Mart see this week's edition
of the EP news for all the details our
thoughts and prayers go up to the
Steadman family at this difficult time
watch for regular updates on the fire on
our estes park news facebook page as
well as our website at estes park
newscom information is posted several
times daily
Estes Park will be celebrating at the
20th annual Scandinavian midsummer
festival this saturday and sunday in
downtown bond park the festivities begin
with the raising of the Maypole and
dancing and live music will continue
throughout the weekend the felborn
viking reenactors will also entertain
both days and the park will be filled
with vendors sawing scandinavian food
baked goods decorations and crafts of
all kinds for more information and a
schedule of events visit the website at
estes midsummer calm the big band bash
is an all-day free concert featuring
some of the best big band swing and jazz
bands from Colorado the event will be
held at performance park this sunday
from noon to eight pm the estes village
big band john mills orchestra colorado
swing big band and the metropolitan jazz
orchestra are just a few of the great
fans will entertain the crowds that day
between ganzel via drawings for
restaurant gift certificates performance
park is located at 417 west Elkhorn
Avenue behind the Big Horn restaurants
for a more detailed schedule you can
visit big band bash calm
it's time to get your tickets for the
historic home tour presented by the
Estes Park Museum friends and foundation
and corporate sponsor Judy nice drum of
first Colorado Realty enjoy five
historical home sites the Stanley Hotel
sculpture garden as well as local
artists and authors during this
one-of-a-kind tour the event takes place
next saturday june thirtieth and is a
three-hour self-paced tour which begins
at 9am it strongly suggested you
purchase your tickets in advance as last
year's tour was completely sold out
ticket prices are just twenty dollars in
advance and twenty-five dollars on the
day of the tour if available to order
tickets by phone you can call 5207 84 84
85 or you can get your tickets in person
at the Estes Park Museum McDonald book
shop downtown or the excess park visitor
center
you
we leave you with some photos and video
taken this week of just some of the
wonderful wildlife we share our mountain
town with
you
thanks for watching this week's edition
of the Estes Park News weekend report
for the first weekend in summer I'm
Chris Hazleton get out and enjoy the
warm weather and we'll see you back here
next week
you